There are multiple issues that needs to be solved

    Whenever a user performs sign up and fills the sign up form and clicks create account send a popup notifcation to the user verification shared to mail. on a white screen with loading icon and keep the screen until users confirm there mail and after 30 - 45 seconds if users dont verify the mail ask to resend the verification mail on the same white screen and once users verify the mail redirect user to the primary app of planify.
    if without verification or new users directly try to sign ask users to create account first. Prompting user does not exist
    Make the app UI / UX friendly for Web , Android , IOS and try to cover all the widely used resolutions in the Market making required changes..
    Color Contrast Ratios: Must meet 4.5:1 minimum for normal text and all the text no matter any theme should be clearly visible
    When smart timing analysis is done by a user Ask ai to check all the task completeld by the user, active, on hold and so with the actual time of what user is active and then let AI with all that data estimate if it is optimal to do tasks or not and what tasks are preferable to do now or none at all according to the schedule of the user based on circadiam rhythms and task time
    When user clicks smart timing analysis bring output in a box below that which is beautiful easy to understand and one click to add if users feels it is the right move or to deny.
    AI view on the task does not work it shows some random error fix it or remove it.
    Give option to users to add his custom tags and keep default tags which are very commong to to do for users in popular apps
    Make the tasks tab and advance view tab more beautiful clean with proper use of bold font.
    There is a bug in the app when user clicks on the top right button named " AI task refiner" without any output 1 /3 AI daily task is considered fix this.
    Create a new system where a user only gets 3 AI requests in a day whatever AI feature he uses in the entire app only 3 should be allowed and should be considered only when output is shown to the users or output is requested to maitain correct flow once user requests and exhausts his 3 request there should be a timer running in the backedn which then opens after 12 hours which refils next 3 . Keep the system flexible that request number can be increase specific to any feature for example : if i Ask to keep 5 AI request for Ai assitant and 10 for Natural language feature you should be able to do it quickly.
    Make the unlock pro feature more beautiful and fix all the UI and text related issues
    add to options for purchase in the app : there will be 3 plans
    Free
    299 rs or anything equivalent to dollars this will have 30 AI request per month
    499 rs or anything equivalent to dollars this will have unlimited ai request for month.
